hi I'm John co-founder of any type and
here I'm I want to tell you what any
type is it's a unified user interface
for a distributed content addressable
web so I think we all know that Web Apps
magnificent but of course there are some
serious shortcomings centralized data
monopolists have access to all our data
and can read our private communication
and with advances in AI that this
creates a large risk also usually the
same kind of centralized monopolists
decide what we see and what we can't and
can mute voices of individuals and
organizations and in some places like
Russia where I come from it's pure
censorship in the last most money most
of the monetary rewards for the created
content have besides by the same data
monopolist and because their business
model is selling our attention their
interests are misaligned with users the
content addressable the centralized web
stack provides us a better foundation so
I TFS in the future file coin and text
I'll represent a foundation on which a
new web can be built however we are
still using web 2.0 why because of
course people use products not protocols
so in interfaces needed to spread the
protocol the same for example is it was
for IMAP pop3 email client was this
interface or mosaic browser for HTTP or
a bullet for Bitcoin and we think any
type is this missing piece it's an entry
point to harness web 3.0 capabilities
it's a browser environment with creators
powers so why browser of course so that
people can browse content but why
creators capabilities because there is
not enough content currently in web 3.0
and we want to post wrap up its creation
and how are we gonna
do that with the unified user interface
with this unified UI people without
coding skills will be able to create a
web pages and services built on
decentralized protocols and with the
same unified UI they will be able to
manage data in their data wallet because
real data ownership doesn't only mean
that you can access your data or you
decide who can access your data as well
most of all data ownership means being
able to work with your data to change it
to modify to connect it with each other
and that's why we think the same
approach to building services and
working with your data will help master
- will help a lot of users start
actually using their data how unified UI
is even possible actually most
applications like Dropbox asana YouTube
mediums 45 they're just databases with
content so they share design principles
and we unify this design principles into
blocks using this blocks even a child
can create a sophisticated software
product each block in any type of course
has a unique hash
that's why users can connect anything to
anything with the content addressable
cash links and of course all of this is
built on ipfs textile and lead
peer-to-peer so so it's a
content-addressable decentralized web
stack that we are using what kind of use
cases are possible they are numerous but
for example a bill hacker can create a
perfect perfect health
health and fitness dashboard a
management guru can create in-ear pee or
a serum for a specific area of business
or a blogger a community member a
community leader can create something
like medium YouTube or Spotify for their
community and what's cool is that the
domain experts who know more about the
needs of the of what they need
of what their community needs will be
able we'll have tools to make to turn
their ideas into products and I think
this is the whole goal of any type to
let millions of makers turn their ideas
into products I hope used by billions of
people so we specifically target as the
main main main target the domain experts
in their fields so these power users
will create tools for for a wide range
of use cases so a long tail of use cases
which are not created or not tale
catered at the moment and the majority
of users won't be of course creating
lots of lots of things from scratch they
will be using things created by power
users but which will be really really
tailored to their needs so the vision of
the web I think we all are building
together is that each user should have
rights for private communication and for
private thoughts and should on his or
her data at the same time each
individual should be able to exercise
freedom of speech and no central
database should decide who can who can
say what and there should be clear and
democratic rules of how rewards are
distributed in the system where some
people create content some people
promote this content and some people
distri distributed and store it and
create create software that helps in all
this process so that was the vision of
any type the we think that we are
creating the web for creators and I I
hope now to show the demo so this is any
type and that is the main screen of any
type and it says hi Jean because my name
is Janna and underneath it are all that
all the apps in a way that I have
created myself let's let's look how easy
it is to create something so this this
is a simple page which looks very
approachable and I
can name it and then give it an emoji so
that I can easily identify it because we
really read pictures much faster than we
can read words and then it's quite
flexible and intuitive because you can
add different types of blocks and so
this could be some headings different
kind of lists checkboxes toggle or you
can add other pages inside to create
structure and every every block that you
can see here is the thread in textile so
it's um everything is content
addressable and and that's why basically
users are work as if they are working
with content addressable blocks through
a visual way with drag-and-drop you can
move stuff around so that you can create
different kinds of structures let's see
what this what currently we can build
with any type for example you can build
something like that so the moment we are
focused on more on private pages so each
page is encrypted and I can share it
with my team members over here and we if
they accept the link they will be able
to collaborate on these pages in real
time and because there is a list of
blocks and it's quite flexible each page
can look quite unique and it might suit
of different use cases other nice other
nice things are possible something like
like this so I can I can this could be
my task manager and I can for example do
a task and there is a page for archive
of my task and I can just drag and drop
stuff and it will just go inside that
page like it should work like that and
it works like that
so yes I think I think this is pretty it
at the at this stage and will be we will
be able we will be aging public pages
and databases in the future so that
people will be able to create more
sophisticated software and one last
thing I owe you how you can with
drag-and-drop add something to idea fast
very fast oops
how to one second go from there from
this mode here I have for example a
folder on my home screen and with their
just with just oops
with just drag and drop I can add and it
will be edging to ipfs because I TFS
know it is run on my computer here you
go we have everything that was in that
folder already added and if there will
be there was there would be an internal
structure of folders inside it will
replicate the structure and it will be
nice to hear you I can change only the
emoji to something I want
yeah that's it
[Applause]